Added normative text to invariants (#3774)
quicwg/base-drafts: draft-ietf-quic-invariants.md

{: #fig-ex-format title="Example Format"}

# Requirements for Intermediaries

An intermediary MAY observe the QUIC version in certain packets, statefully note
the version associated with the connection IDs (see {{connection-id}}) in the
packet, and if it understands that version, parse and process packets with one
of those connection IDs without regard for the invariants in this document.

Intermediaries MUST implement a mode that, if they cannot associate a version
with a packet's connection ID or do not understand the associated QUIC version,
uses only the invariant fields described in this document to execute its
function(s). This might mean that the intermediary cannot accomplish its
function(s) at all, or that it implements a default behavior.

Intermediaries MUST NOT implement a default behavior of dropping packets of QUIC
versions they do not understand, or packets that have a connection ID they

> cannot associate with a QUIC version.

Reviewer: You probably meant that intermediaries MUST NOT drop packets of unknown or unidentified version BECAUSE of the version being unknown or unidentified. The intermediaries should be able to (and will, regardless of what we say her) drop such packets for other reasons.

Author: The word "default" here is doing a lot of work, and I think it's communicating what you want.

I agree that people may violate this spec, even if they read it, though ignoring this provision is going to break both address migration and whatever version ossification mitigation we end up deploying.

Reviewer 2: Perhaps "MUST NOT drop packets on the basis of..." would be avoid the wiggles of "default"?

> Future specifications for intermediaries SHOULD document any implicit

Reviewer: Remove "Future". It is confusing.

{: #fig-ex-format title="Example Format"}

# Requirements for Intermediaries

An intermediary MAY observe the QUIC version in certain packets, statefully note
the version associated with the connection IDs (see {{connection-id}}) in the
packet, and if it understands that version, parse and process packets with one
of those connection IDs without regard for the invariants in this document.

Intermediaries MUST implement a mode that, if they cannot associate a version
with a packet's connection ID or do not understand the associated QUIC version,
uses only the invariant fields described in this document to execute its
function(s). This might mean that the intermediary cannot accomplish its
function(s) at all, or that it implements a default behavior.

Intermediaries MUST NOT implement a default behavior of dropping packets of QUIC
versions they do not understand, or packets that have a connection ID they
cannot associate with a QUIC version.

Specifications for intermediaries SHOULD document any implicit assumptions they
are making about endpoint behavior beyond the invariants in this document, and

> the impact if future versions of QUIC violate those assumptions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the impact if future versions of QUIC do not conform to those assumptions.
```
"Violate" has a negative connotation, and behavior changes aren't something we want to discourage.

Reviewer: Or "deviate from", depending on your taste.

The remainder of the packet has version-specific semantics.

> ## Connection ID {#connection-id}

Reviewer 2: Nothing wrong with doing this, but it's pointless since this would be the default anchor generated for this section title anyway.
